
--- Page 1 ---
E K , E.I.T.
RIN UNKEL
3790 W 112th Ave., Apt # 302 (970)-778-2031
Westminster, CO. 80031 ekunkel@mymail.mines.edu
EDUCATION
Colorado School of Mines Golden, CO May 11, 2013
Bachelor of Science, Environmental Engineering GPA: 2.87
PROFESSIONAL ENGINEERING EXPERIENCE
IMERYS World Minerals, Lompoc, CA Summer 2011
Celite Mine Environmental Intern
 Gained experience adhering to regulatory requirements leading to site-wide environmental health, compliance and
safety. Worked toward understanding air compliance and interpretation of the Clean Air Act (CAA).
 Researched Title V emissions requirements and gathered historic emissions inventory data. Per CAA regulations in
California, researched the ability to drop below Title V permit status.
 Recorded and interpreted previous year’s air emissions per BACT requirements and NESHAP standards.
 Participated in site wide inspections including hazardous waste storage, satellite accumulation areas, and chemical
processing facility per RCRA hazardous waste regulations.
 Participated in storm water discharge inspections and erosion management
 Participated in internal EHS site inspections for RCRA compliance and prior to MSHA quality inspections.
CAMPUS EXPERIENCE
Colorado School of Mines Registrar’s Office, Golden, CO 2008-2011
Student Employee
 Organized and filed student records and submitted completed paperwork in online system for undergraduates.
 Assisted students and faculty with completing proper forms and other registration issues throughout the year.
PROJECT ENGINEERING EXPERIENCE
Senior Design: Clear Creek County’s Mining Feasibility Study 2012-2013
 Lead a consulting team of multi-disciplinary engineering students tasked with conducting gold mining feasibility study
based on Clear Creek County’s 1041 permit.
 Provided environmental assessment regarding land access as well as viability of surveying done in close proximity to
housing developments (completed in approximate 1041 permit format).
Mining and the Environment Spring 2013
 Graduate level course that emphasized the environmental impacts from mine site development, extraction, and closure.
 Determined environmental impacts of mining processes for metal and coal mining above and below ground.
 Some topics included the extraction of gold using cyanide and mercury processes, post mine site closure, metal
toxicity, remedial actions, air pollution, and effects of acid rock drainage.
Environmental Summer Field Session Summer 2011
 Designed around field research and group projects concerning remediation and wastewater treatment.
 Remediation Consultation- successfully led a consulting investigation of an orphaned mine-site in Idaho Springs, CO.
 Conducted soil sampling for abandoned rock piles and surrounding deposits.
 Provided contamination characterization for tailings pile leading to recommended remediation process.
 Conducted water pilot testing on samples and preformed recommended water treatment analysis.
ENGINEERING SKILLS
 EPA Regulatory Compliance: Interpretation and application of CAA, CERCLA, CWA, SDWA, TSCA and RCRA.
 Additional Environmental Skills: knowledge of solid and hazardous waste management, contaminant transport,
environmental audits, pollution prevention, sampling techniques and remedial technologies.
 Computer Skills: Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, SolidWorks, MathCAD, LabView, C++, Computer-aided
engineering, multidisciplinary experimentation and instrumentation.
 Laboratory Skills: Safety measures, chemical preparation, titrations, and documentation.
 Other Skills: Excellent oral communication, team player, technical writing, organized, and problem-solver.
 Passed Colorado FE Examination: Fall 2012