Hao (Anderson) Yang
5500 Wabash Avenue CM 2032, Terre Haute, IN 47803
yangh4@rose-hulman.edu Cell: +1 (812)-251-9079
Objective
 Seeking internship as a Software Engineer.
Education
Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology Graduate by 2020
Bachelor in Computer Science double Mathematics (discrete field) GPA 3.73
Shenzhen Middle School September 2013 - June 2016
Graduated by 2016
Skills
 Have at least 3 years’ experience in Java, Android Studio, Google Firebase Database, C and T-SQL
database.
 Experienced with C#, Unity 3D Engine, Artificial Intelligence, Python.
Experiences
Summer Research: Cellular Automata Terre Haute, IN
Undergraduate Student Researcher June – September 2018
 Designed a Stranded Cellular Automata to model common weaving and braiding patterns.
 Analyzed the complexity of Automata by finding the maximum cycle length of any given grid.
 Implemented a Java program to find initial conditions and rules that would generate distinct
weaving patterns for any given width with the help of graph theory.
Android Game: Monopoly Terre Haute, IN
Team member (3 Members on one team) November 2017 – February 2018
 Designed and created an android game called Monopoly.
 Allowed users to create and join the real-time game based on T-SQL database.
 Participated in the group as a full stack developer.
Android App: Roommates splitting bill app Shenzhen, China
Team member (2 Members on one team) July – August 2017
 Designed and developed a Mobile App using Android Studio and implemented database with
Google Firebase Database to solve the splitting bill problem.
 Allowed users to join group and calculate balance based on item purchased using with the
advantage of Firebase Database (login system and querying).
 Enabled owner of the app push notification to the users using downstream messaging.
Activities
 ACM-ICPC Contest Rose-Hulman
 Member of Society of Asian Scientists and Engineers Rose-Hulman
 Featured in the inaugural edition of Student Spotlight Rose-Hulman
 Teaching Assistant for Programming Language Concept, Theory of Computation and
Design and Design and Analysis of Algorithms Rose-Hulman